docs/source/info.rst, before:

Public Informations
###################

All calls to **/i/** endpoint work without API token authentication.

Get detailed list of all tlds
*****************************

Command
=======

**GET /i/tlds**

Arguments
    -- None

Response
    :tlds: list of TLD objects

TLD Object
    :zone: name of tld, idn encoded
    :zone_utf8: name of tld in native language
    :delegated: true if tld is already delegated
    :registry: Registry object (optional)
    :backend: Backend object (optional)
    :whois: Whois object (optional)

Registry Object
    :id: id of Registry
    :name: name of Registry
    :info_url: public nTLDStats_ URL to get more informations about Registry
    :url: url of Registry

Backend Object
    :id: id of Backend
    :name: name of Backend
    :info_url: public nTLDStats_ URL to get more informations about Backend
    :url: url of Backend

Whois Object
    :hostname: hostname of whois server
    :charset: default charset of whois server
    :ipv6: true if whois server supports IPv6 connections
    :options: additional options to prefix whois request

Example
=======

Request

::

    GET /i/tlds

Response

::

    {
        "resData": {
            "tlds": [{
                "zone": "xn--ngbc5azd",
                "zone_utf8": "\u0634\u0628\u0643\u0629",
                "delegated": true,
                "registry": {
                    "name": "International Domain Registry Pty. Ltd.",
                    "id": "International-Domain-Registry-Pty-Ltd",
                    "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/International-Domain-Registry-Pty-Ltd",
                    "url": "http:\/\/www.dotshabaka.com"
                },
                "backend": {
                    "name": "ARI Registry Services",
                    "id": "ARI-Registry-Services",
                    "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/ARI-Registry-Services",
                    "url": "http:\/\/www.ariservices.com"
                },
                "whois": {
                    "hostname": "whois.nic.xn--ngbc5azd",
                    "charset": "ascii",
                    "ipv6": true,
                    "options": ""
                }
            }],
        },
        "code": 1000,
        "msg":"Command completed successfully",
    }

Sample Link: http://api.ntldstats.net/i/tlds

Get detailed list of all new gtld applications
**********************************************

Command
=======

**GET /i/applications**

Arguments
    -- None

Response
    :applications: list of Application objects

Application Object
    :application_id: number of application
    :priority_number: priority number of application
    :label: name of label, idn encoded
    :label_utf8: name of label in native language
    :status: current application status as string
    :applicant: Applicant object
    :evaluation: Evaluation object
    :cpe_status: current CPE status (optional)

Applicant Object
    :name: name of Applicant
    :country_code: Country code indicated by applicant as principal place of business
    :primary_contact: Primary Contact object
    :suport_result: Result of support evaluation (optional)

Primary Contact Object
    :name: name of primary applicant contact
    :email: email of primary applicant contact

Evaluation Object
    :result: result of evaluation as string
    :pdf: link to official result PDF

Example
=======

Request

::

    GET /i/applications

Response

::

    {
        "resData": {
            "applications": [{
                "application_id": "1-1114-79381",
                "priority_number": "1016",
                "status": "delegated",
                "label": "schmidt",
                "label_utf8": "schmidt",
                "applicant": {
                    "name": "SALM S.A.S.",
                    "country_code": "FR",
                    "primary_contact": {
                        "name": "Jacques Haas",
                        "email": "jacques.haas@salm.fr"
                    }
                },
                "evaluation": {
                    "result": "Pass IE",
                    "pdf": "http:\/\/newgtlds.icann.org\/en\/program-status\/application-results\/ie-1-1114-79381-en.pdf"
                }
            }],
        },
        "code": 1000,
        "msg":"Command completed successfully",
    }

Sample Link: http://api.ntldstats.net/i/applications


Get list of launch events
*************************

Command
=======

**GET|POST /i/launch**

Arguments (to filter Response)
    :tld: filter by given tld
    :filterby: filter start/end by **start**, **end** or **inrange**, default **start**
    :start: either "empty" (no limit) or date as 'YYYY-MM-DD'
    :end: either "empty" (no limit) or date as 'YYYY-MM-DD'
    :stage: list of stages (**SR**, **LR**, **EA**, **GA** or **OT**)

Response
    :events: list of Event objects
    :filter: used filters

Event Object
    :tld: TLD object
    :stage: Stage object
    :start: DateTime of event start
    :end: DateTime of event end
    :name: name of event, only given if stage is **OT**,
    :description: additional informations as text
    :flags: list of Flag objects

Stage Object
    :id: ID of Stage
    :name: Name of Stage

Flag Object
    :id: ID of Flag
    :name: Name of Flag
    :description: additional informations as text
    :short_name: short cut name of Flag

Example
=======

Request

::

    POST /i/launch
    {
        "tld": "bar"
    }

Response

::

    {
        "resData": {
            "events": [{
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "SR",
                    "name": "Sunrise"
                },
                "start": "2014-04-09T00:00:00Z",
                "end": "2014-06-08T00:00:00Z",
                "name": null,
                "description": null,
                "flags": []
            }, {
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "LR",
                    "name": "Landrush"
                },
                "start": "2014-06-11T12:00:00Z",
                "end": "2014-07-09T07:00:00Z",
                "name": null,
                "description": null,
                "flags": []
            }, {
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "OT",
                    "name": "Other"
                },
                "start": "2014-07-03T00:00:00Z",
                "end": "2014-07-31T23:59:00Z",
                "name": "Bar Family Names Sunrise",
                "description": "The purpose of this Sunrise is to allow resident Bar people to register their surnames under the .bar TLD prior to general availability. This is called the \u201cBar Family Names Sunrise\u201d or locally the \u201cSanrajz period za registraciju prezimena na .bar domenima\u201d.\r\n\r\nThis Sunrise is restricted to applicants meeting the strict application and eligibility requirements set forth in this Policy.",
                "flags": [{
                    "name": "Country restricted",
                    "short_name": "COR",
                    "description": "Registration is restricted for registrants from one country"
                }, {
                    "name": "Special Restrictions",
                    "short_name": "SPR",
                    "description": "Registration is restricted to registrants\/organizations named by Registry"
                }]
            }, {
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "GA",
                    "name": "General Availability"
                },
                "start": "2014-07-14T12:00:00Z",
                "end": "2099-12-31T23:59:59Z",
                "name": null,
                "description": null,
                "flags": []
            }],
            "filter": {
                "start": "",
                "end": "",
                "stage": [],
                "tld": "bar",
                "filterby": "start"
            }
        },
        "code": 1000,
        "msg": "Command completed successfully"
    }

Sample Link: http://api.ntldstats.net/i/launch

.. _nTLDStats: http://ntldstats.com

Commit message:

Added additional Application Object to TLD

docs/source/info.rst, after:

Public Informations
###################

All calls to **/i/** endpoint work without API token authentication.

Get detailed list of all tlds
*****************************

Command
=======

**GET /i/tlds**

Arguments
    -- None

Response
    :tlds: list of TLD objects

TLD Object
    :zone: name of tld, idn encoded
    :zone_utf8: name of tld in native language
    :delegated: true if tld is already delegated
    :applications: list of Small Application object
    :registry: Registry object (optional)
    :backend: Backend object (optional)
    :whois: Whois object (optional)

Small Application Object
    :id: id of application
    :applicant: name of applicant
    :status: current application status

Registry Object
    :id: id of Registry
    :name: name of Registry
    :info_url: public nTLDStats_ URL to get more informations about Registry
    :url: url of Registry

Backend Object
    :id: id of Backend
    :name: name of Backend
    :info_url: public nTLDStats_ URL to get more informations about Backend
    :url: url of Backend

Whois Object
    :hostname: hostname of whois server
    :charset: default charset of whois server
    :ipv6: true if whois server supports IPv6 connections
    :options: additional options to prefix whois request

Example
=======

Request

::

    GET /i/tlds

Response

::

    {
        "resData": {
            "tlds": [{
                "zone": "xn--ngbc5azd",
                "zone_utf8": "\u0634\u0628\u0643\u0629",
                "delegated": true,
                "registry": {
                    "name": "International Domain Registry Pty. Ltd.",
                    "id": "International-Domain-Registry-Pty-Ltd",
                    "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/International-Domain-Registry-Pty-Ltd",
                    "url": "http:\/\/www.dotshabaka.com"
                },
                "backend": {
                    "name": "ARI Registry Services",
                    "id": "ARI-Registry-Services",
                    "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/ARI-Registry-Services",
                    "url": "http:\/\/www.ariservices.com"
                },
                "whois": {
                    "hostname": "whois.nic.xn--ngbc5azd",
                    "charset": "ascii",
                    "ipv6": true,
                    "options": ""
                }
            }],
        },
        "code": 1000,
        "msg":"Command completed successfully",
    }

Sample Link: http://api.ntldstats.net/i/tlds

Get detailed list of all new gtld applications
**********************************************

Command
=======

**GET /i/applications**

Arguments
    -- None

Response
    :applications: list of Application objects

Application Object
    :id: id of application
    :priority_number: priority number of application
    :label: name of label, idn encoded
    :label_utf8: name of label in native language
    :status: current application status as string
    :applicant: Applicant object
    :evaluation: Evaluation object
    :cpe_status: current CPE status (optional)

Applicant Object
    :name: name of Applicant
    :country_code: Country code indicated by applicant as principal place of business
    :primary_contact: Primary Contact object
    :suport_result: Result of support evaluation (optional)

Primary Contact Object
    :name: name of primary applicant contact
    :email: email of primary applicant contact

Evaluation Object
    :result: result of evaluation as string
    :pdf: link to official result PDF

Example
=======

Request

::

    GET /i/applications

Response

::

    {
        "resData": {
            "applications": [{
                "application_id": "1-1114-79381",
                "priority_number": "1016",
                "status": "delegated",
                "label": "schmidt",
                "label_utf8": "schmidt",
                "applicant": {
                    "name": "SALM S.A.S.",
                    "country_code": "FR",
                    "primary_contact": {
                        "name": "Jacques Haas",
                        "email": "jacques.haas@salm.fr"
                    }
                },
                "evaluation": {
                    "result": "Pass IE",
                    "pdf": "http:\/\/newgtlds.icann.org\/en\/program-status\/application-results\/ie-1-1114-79381-en.pdf"
                }
            }],
        },
        "code": 1000,
        "msg":"Command completed successfully",
    }

Sample Link: http://api.ntldstats.net/i/applications


Get list of launch events
*************************

Command
=======

**GET|POST /i/launch**

Arguments (to filter Response)
    :tld: filter by given tld
    :filterby: filter start/end by **start**, **end** or **inrange**, default **start**
    :start: either "empty" (no limit) or date as 'YYYY-MM-DD'
    :end: either "empty" (no limit) or date as 'YYYY-MM-DD'
    :stage: list of stages (**SR**, **LR**, **EA**, **GA** or **OT**)

Response
    :events: list of Event objects
    :filter: used filters

Event Object
    :tld: TLD object
    :stage: Stage object
    :start: DateTime of event start
    :end: DateTime of event end
    :name: name of event, only given if stage is **OT**,
    :description: additional informations as text
    :flags: list of Flag objects

Stage Object
    :id: ID of Stage
    :name: Name of Stage

Flag Object
    :id: ID of Flag
    :name: Name of Flag
    :description: additional informations as text
    :short_name: short cut name of Flag

Example
=======

Request

::

    POST /i/launch
    {
        "tld": "bar"
    }

Response

::

    {
        "resData": {
            "events": [{
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "SR",
                    "name": "Sunrise"
                },
                "start": "2014-04-09T00:00:00Z",
                "end": "2014-06-08T00:00:00Z",
                "name": null,
                "description": null,
                "flags": []
            }, {
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "LR",
                    "name": "Landrush"
                },
                "start": "2014-06-11T12:00:00Z",
                "end": "2014-07-09T07:00:00Z",
                "name": null,
                "description": null,
                "flags": []
            }, {
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "OT",
                    "name": "Other"
                },
                "start": "2014-07-03T00:00:00Z",
                "end": "2014-07-31T23:59:00Z",
                "name": "Bar Family Names Sunrise",
                "description": "The purpose of this Sunrise is to allow resident Bar people to register their surnames under the .bar TLD prior to general availability. This is called the \u201cBar Family Names Sunrise\u201d or locally the \u201cSanrajz period za registraciju prezimena na .bar domenima\u201d.\r\n\r\nThis Sunrise is restricted to applicants meeting the strict application and eligibility requirements set forth in this Policy.",
                "flags": [{
                    "name": "Country restricted",
                    "short_name": "COR",
                    "description": "Registration is restricted for registrants from one country"
                }, {
                    "name": "Special Restrictions",
                    "short_name": "SPR",
                    "description": "Registration is restricted to registrants\/organizations named by Registry"
                }]
            }, {
                "tld": {
                    "zone": "bar",
                    "zone_utf8": "bar",
                    "registry": {
                        "name": "Punto 2012 Sociedad Anonima Promotora de Inversion de Capital Variable",
                        "id": "Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/registry\/Punto-2012-Sociedad-Anonima-Promotora-de-Inversion-de-Capital-Variable",
                        "url": "http:\/\/nic.bar"
                    },
                    "backend": {
                        "name": "CentralNic",
                        "id": "CentralNic",
                        "info_url": "http:\/\/ntldstats.com\/backend\/CentralNic",
                        "url": "http:\/\/www.centralnic.com"
                    }
                },
                "stage": {
                    "id": "GA",
                    "name": "General Availability"
                },
                "start": "2014-07-14T12:00:00Z",
                "end": "2099-12-31T23:59:59Z",
                "name": null,
                "description": null,
                "flags": []
            }],
            "filter": {
                "start": "",
                "end": "",
                "stage": [],
                "tld": "bar",
                "filterby": "start"
            }
        },
        "code": 1000,
        "msg": "Command completed successfully"
    }

Sample Link: http://api.ntldstats.net/i/launch

.. _nTLDStats: http://ntldstats.com
